hey there guys today's Auto Tune or you
guys can also change voice over Xbox
lies well playing in a gaming your
friends or just through game chat and I
yeah let's get this thing going first up
there will be four things you will need
and yeah so here they are guys first
thing you will need is a total beef x12
which ranges from 60 to 80 dollars or
basically any headset that well that has
a certain cable that can hook up to an
iPod or iPhone okay on the next thing
you'll need that you already saw is an
Xbox 360 controller obviously okay and
yeah so if this is my Gears of War 3
limited edition Xbox 360 controller came
with my kids will 3 limited edition Xbox
that I got for Christmas back in 2011
this controller is usually managed for
my 22 something dollars I honestly don't
know next thing you will need an iPod or
iPhone that is able to download apps
okay this is the iPod for the pretty
dang cool case I would say at least um
and then the last thing that you will
need is an app like GarageBand or int
pane and GarageBand varies from a garage
band is around $5 IMT pain is around $3
um a little expensive but for my
birthday that was just last month March
16th um my aunt got me a iTunes $25 gift
card so yeah about GarageBand and I'm
Shane and then um yeah so basically
that's set up okay so I just had to be
my child doing hat okay so the setup you
take this pink cord okay let's just
forget about these right now you should
already know how to hook them up but I'm
yeah so you take this pink cord and you
take your iPhone or iPod Touch and UN
plug it into the headphone jack case so
the microphone
thing plugs in to the headphone jack
okay and you won't be able to hear
yourself but judging by the people's
reactions it'll be like super cool and
just to test it you can go ahead and
send yourself or send a friend a message
but don't actually send it you know you
just play it back to yourself and then
on yeah so what you should also have is
this can is this wire you know to on
this comes with your total Beach x12
just it should if it doesn't then um I'm
not to tell you okay
so you plug that end into the controller
and ghosting and then this end right
here goes into sorry goes into this part
right here like the bottom part will go
under the bottom part right there okay I
can get it in and ago okay and so on
yeah so basically what you have to do is
you have to open up your ghost in it and
to open up your I am t-pain or
GarageBand app okay I'll show you the I
am t-pain part first so you blasting it
one another room here so you open up
your iron t-pain app right there okay
and it should come up like this just
staying at that letter is horrible so it
should come up like this k you do not
have to press record
okay tap to continue don't have to do
that all you have to do is start talking
and the microphone from this will pick
it up what I usually do is I have this I
pod you know I just set it right next to
the TV in my room
cuz I sit the answer so um in my room
Jay and I just set it down
and I sit in my chair just usually over
here but I had to have room to a cordis
um and I just talked and it is regular
like that okay and um yeah so basically
that's all you have to do for that and
then what you have to do for barrage
and away and on if you are out of your
app section going to a different app or
something or you're not in IMT pain they
will not be able to hear you because or
you have this pink white hook then then
always you go to GarageBand next okay
and basically with GarageBand you have
um it's in one voice which is great okay
I'll tell you other good ones and you
have the chipmunk voice and the
telephone voice and that's pretty much
it okay I already use the chipmunk voice
in the introduction and a telephone
voice and the auto-tune voice and as you
can see right there you can see that as
I'm talking it'll go up um and so yeah
that's basically how it works but in
order for people to hear you you
actually have to have you have to click
this button right there
see that and you want to press it okay
like so and you go down to monitor and
you want to have it on turn monitor on
to hear sound from the input device as
you play and record okay um noise gate I
don't know what that is but you don't
have to have it on okay and then this
will just be how loud you were talking
so I know I'm talking pretty loud I
guess but um yeah so it click done right
and then you can just go ahead and talk
and your friends will hear you and
whatever boyd's you choose and here's a
really good part is they don't even have
to press record for any of these you
just have to start talking and I'm yeah
so basically you can go from chipmunk
the telephone to small room to large
room to dreamy to bullhorn the monster
to robot robot waltz if your screaming
but it's sort of hard and then dry is
just a regular voice okay and you can
change those while you're talking and so
yeah that's basically the setup and um I
will be right back okay so yeah you
right back and so yeah once you guys are
done with that okay just um I don't know
uh yeah so make sure to test it if you
guys have any questions or come
it's um make sure to put in a comment
section below and I will be sure to
answer them okay all right yeah that's
my ukulele right there um anyways I'm so
yeah um till next time guys
oh and make sure to like and comment and
subscribe peace
so guys this is good on voice show
this is proof it looks ridiculous
sorry for the static in the background
this is the telephone voice is a little
harder to hear and yeah so start sorry
for the static and this one too hey
there guys this one is my favorite it's
the auto-tune people really like it